TC39 short survey results (#38)
web-platform-dx/developer-research: mdn-short-surveys/2025-04-16-tc39-proposals/README.md

# TC39 proposals Short Survey

## Date

The survey ran between 2025-04-07 - 2025-04-15 and was shown to all users of MDN JavaScript pages.

## Questions

1. Please rank these proposals in order of preference for inclusion in JavaScript:
   
   _Respondents were asked to drag and drop the following proposals into a ranked list. Not all proposals had to be ranked and respondents could rank as few or as many proposals as they wanted._

   _Respondents were also presented with a link to [a document which described the proposals](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DMPXS4Po5Nd-l0mIEYj78H1S_R5FrB7CkHbluhqQPVo/edit)._
   
   _The proposals were presented in a random order for each respondent._

   * Decorators
   * ESM phase imports
   * Deferred module evaluation
   * JSON.parse source text access
   * Source phase imports
   * Joint iteration
   * Iterator sequence

2. Please tell us more about how your top ranking option would help you as a developer

   _Free-form text_

## Results

The survey received **2220** responses.

[Results in csv format](results.csv)

## Interpretation

> The following interpretations are proposed by [Patrick Brosset](https://github.com/captainbrosset), PM at Microsoft Edge.

Author: ```suggestion
The following interpretations are proposed by [Patrick Brosset](https://github.com/captainbrosset), product manager at Microsoft Edge.
```
